README.md, before:

# 2x-productivity
Boost your productivity by smartly managing your time with 2x Productivity.


## How to contribute to this project?

- Read **[contribution guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md)** before sending any Pull Request (PR). 
- By contributing to this project, you agree to the **[code-of-conduct](https://github.com/clubgamma/code-of-conduct)**.
- Use GitHub issues, to communicate or discuss about the project. 

## Things to keep in mind

- To get a shirt, you must make four pull requests (PRs) between October 1–31 in any time zone. Pull requests can be to any public repository on GitHub, not just the ones highlighted.
- Pull request must contain commits you made yourself.
- If a maintainer reports your pull request as spam, it will not be counted toward your participation in Hacktoberfest.
- If a maintainer reports behavior that’s not in line with the project’s code of conduct, you will be ineligible to participate.
- Only first 30 contributors who submit 3 sucessful PR to any Club Gamma projects will get Club Gamma schwags.
- Club Gamma swags will only be shipped inside India.


## Contact Us

**To know more about us, visit [official website](https://clubgamma.github.io/) of Club Gamma.**

**To know more about how Club Gamma is going to celebrate Hacktoberfest, click [here](https://clubgamma.github.io/hacktoberfest/)**

Commit message:

Added Technologies section in README.md

README.md, after:

# 2x-productivity
Boost your productivity by smartly managing your time with 2x Productivity.

This is a multiplatform desktop app used to efficiently utilize your time by prioritizing your tasks. You can set alarms for important tasks. You can add, see, update and delete tasks.


## Technologies used in this project:
- HTML
- CSS
- JS
- Electron JS


## Do I have to learn how to create desktop apps?

I am sure that you might have used many of these desktop apps: **Visual Studio Code**, **Postman**, **Atom**, **WhatsApp**, **Slack**, etc. List is huge.

To create such stunning desktop apps, you just need to know HTML, CSS and **JavaScript**. That's it! You can use your favourite CSS framework or JS library to create **cross-platform**(code once, export for all) desktop apps.


## Why should we create Desktop App instead of website?

Desktop App is used because it can trigger notifications to user, set alarms, etc. By creating desktop app, users can save their data to their local machine, which eliminates the risk of clearing localstorage of browsers.


## How to contribute to this project?

- Read **[contribution guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md)** before sending any Pull Request (PR). 
- By contributing to this project, you agree to the **[code-of-conduct](https://github.com/clubgamma/code-of-conduct)**.
- Use GitHub issues, to communicate or discuss about the project. 

## Things to keep in mind

- To get a shirt, you must make four pull requests (PRs) between October 1–31 in any time zone. Pull requests can be to any public repository on GitHub, not just the ones highlighted.
- Pull request must contain commits you made yourself.
- If a maintainer reports your pull request as spam, it will not be counted toward your participation in Hacktoberfest.
- If a maintainer reports behavior that’s not in line with the project’s code of conduct, you will be ineligible to participate.
- Only first 30 contributors who submit 3 sucessful PR to any Club Gamma projects will get Club Gamma schwags.
- Club Gamma swags will only be shipped inside India.


## Contact Us

**To know more about us, visit [official website](https://clubgamma.github.io/) of Club Gamma.**

**To know more about how Club Gamma is going to celebrate Hacktoberfest, click [here](https://clubgamma.github.io/hacktoberfest/)**
